README.md, before:

# University Registration Portal

A comprehensive web-based course registration system for universities with modern UI/UX design and full functionality.

## Features

### 🎯 Core Functionality

- **Multi-step Course Registration Form** - Guided registration process with progress tracking
- **Student Authentication** - Login and registration system
- **Course Management** - Browse and select courses by department
- **Subject Selection** - Dynamic subject loading based on course and semester
- **Fee Structure** - Transparent fee breakdown for all programs
- **Academic Calendar** - Important dates and deadlines

### 🎨 Design Features

- **Responsive Design** - Works perfectly on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Dark Mode Toggle** - Switch between light and dark themes
- **Modern UI/UX** - Clean, professional design with smooth animations
- **Accessibility** - Keyboard navigation and screen reader friendly
- **Loading States** - Visual feedback for all user interactions

### 📱 Pages Included

- **Homepage** (`index.html`) - Landing page with features and quick actions
- **Course Registration** (`course_registration.html`) - Main registration form
- **Login** (`login.html`) - Student authentication
- **Register** (`register.html`) - New student registration
- **Contact** (`contact.html`) - Contact form and information
- **Fee Structure** (`fee-structure.html`) - Detailed fee breakdown
- **Academic Calendar** (`academic-calendar.html`) - Important dates

## Technology Stack

- **HTML5** - Semantic markup
- **CSS3** - Modern styling with CSS Grid, Flexbox, and animations
- **JavaScript (ES6+)** - Interactive functionality and form handling
- **Font Awesome** - Icons
- **Animate.css** - Smooth animations

## File Structure

```bash
Course_Registration/
├── index.html                 # Homepage
├── course_registration.html   # Main registration form
├── login.html                # Login page
├── register.html             # Registration page
├── contact.html              # Contact page
├── fee-structure.html        # Fee structure page
├── academic-calendar.html    # Academic calendar
├── course_registration.css   # Main stylesheet
├── course_registration.js    # Main JavaScript file
└── README.md                # This file
```

## Getting Started

1. **Clone or Download** the project files
2. **Open** `index.html` in your web browser
3. **Navigate** through the different pages using the navigation menu
4. **Test** the course registration form and other features

## Key Features Explained

### Course Registration Form

- **4-Step Process**: Personal Info → Course Selection → Academic Year → Subject Selection
- **Progress Tracking**: Visual progress bar with step indicators
- **Form Validation**: Real-time validation with error messages
- **Dynamic Content**: Subjects load based on selected course and semester

### Responsive Navigation

- **Desktop**: Full horizontal navigation with dropdown menus
- **Mobile**: Hamburger menu with slide-out navigation
- **Theme Toggle**: Dark/light mode switch

### Form Validation

- **Required Fields**: All mandatory fields are validated
- **Email Format**: Proper email validation
- **Password Strength**: Password requirements checking
- **Real-time Feedback**: Immediate validation feedback

## Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)

## Future Enhancements

- [ ] Backend integration with database
- [ ] Payment gateway integration
- [ ] Email notifications
- [ ] Student dashboard
- [ ] Faculty portal
- [ ] Course catalog with detailed descriptions
- [ ] Online exam scheduling
- [ ] Grade management system

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Support

For support or questions, please contact:

- Phone: +91 9508015377

---

**Note**: This is a frontend demonstration project. For production use, backend integration and proper security measures should be implemented.

Commit message:

Refactor the Readme.md file

README.md, after:

# University Registration Portal

A web-based course registration system for universities with modern UI/UX design and full functionality.

## Features

### 🎯 Core Functionality

- **Multi-step Course Registration Form** - Guided registration process with progress tracking
- **Student Authentication** - Login and registration system
- **Course Management** - Browse and select courses by department
- **Subject Selection** - Dynamic subject loading based on course and semester
- **Fee Structure** - Transparent fee breakdown for all programs
- **Academic Calendar** - Important dates and deadlines

### 🎨 Design Features

- **Responsive Design** - Works perfectly on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Dark Mode Toggle** - Switch between light and dark themes
- **Modern UI/UX** - Clean, professional design with smooth animations
- **Accessibility** - Keyboard navigation and screen reader friendly
- **Loading States** - Visual feedback for all user interactions

### 📱 Pages Included

- **Homepage** (`index.html`) - Landing page with features and quick actions
- **Course Registration** (`course_registration.html`) - Main registration form
- **Login** (`login.html`) - Student authentication
- **Register** (`register.html`) - New student registration
- **Contact** (`contact.html`) - Contact form and information
- **Fee Structure** (`fee-structure.html`) - Detailed fee breakdown
- **Academic Calendar** (`academic-calendar.html`) - Important dates

## Technology Stack

- **HTML5** - Semantic markup
- **CSS3** - Modern styling with CSS Grid, Flexbox, and animations
- **JavaScript (ES6+)** - Interactive functionality and form handling
- **Font Awesome** - Icons
- **Animate.css** - Smooth animations

## File Structure

```bash
Course_Registration/
├── index.html                # Homepage
├── 404.html                  # Page for broken URL
├── course_registration.html  # Main registration form
├── login.html                # Login page
├── register.html             # Registration page
├── contact.html              # Contact page
assets/
├── styles/                   # CSS File for whole website
├── fee-structure.html        # Fee structure page
├── academic-calendar.html    # Academic calendar
├── course_registration.css   # Main stylesheet
├── course_registration.js    # Main JavaScript file
└── README.md                # This file
```

## Getting Started

1. **Clone or Download** the project files
2. **Open** `index.html` in your web browser
3. **Navigate** through the different pages using the navigation menu
4. **Test** the course registration form and other features

## Key Features Explained

### Course Registration Form

- **4-Step Process**: Personal Info → Course Selection → Academic Year → Subject Selection
- **Progress Tracking**: Visual progress bar with step indicators
- **Form Validation**: Real-time validation with error messages
- **Dynamic Content**: Subjects load based on selected course and semester

### Responsive Navigation

- **Desktop**: Full horizontal navigation with dropdown menus
- **Mobile**: Hamburger menu with slide-out navigation
- **Theme Toggle**: Dark/light mode switch

### Form Validation

- **Required Fields**: All mandatory fields are validated
- **Email Format**: Proper email validation
- **Password Strength**: Password requirements checking
- **Real-time Feedback**: Immediate validation feedback

## Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)

## Future Enhancements

- [ ] Backend integration with database
- [ ] Payment gateway integration
- [ ] Email notifications
- [ ] Student dashboard
- [ ] Faculty portal
- [ ] Course catalog with detailed descriptions
- [ ] Online exam scheduling
- [ ] Grade management system

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Support

For support or questions, please contact:

- Phone: +91 9508015377

---

**Note**: This is a frontend demonstration project. For production use, backend integration and proper security measures should be implemented in upcoming time.
